---------------------------
MEMORIES OF LEMURIA V. 0.0
---------------------------

Thank you for downloading Memories of Lemuria. This is a rogue-like game centred on advanced firearms combat, ballistics
simulation, gun crafting and squad tactics. Because of the complex nature of the gameplay, it is HIGHLY recommended
that you read the tutorial section manual in its entirety before commencing play. It may be helpful to refer back to
this document frequently during play. As this game is in active development, you may encounter bugs throughout the
course of gameplay.

Many thanks to Blavatsky (https://blavatsky.bandcamp.com) for graciously allowing me to use his music.

-----------------
ACTIONS AND MENUS
-----------------

F11: Toggle full screen
G: pick up item
I: inventory
E: interact with equipped items (i.e. armour, weapons etc)
V: message history
R: magazine / weapon loadout
Q: interact with held weapon
C: crafting
S: change attack style
P: player options
T: view journal
Z: view skills
>: use stairs
Tab: switch character
Space: toggle squad mode
Escape: save and exit

 - MENU NAVIGATION -

Use the up and down arrow keys to navigate through menu pages and press the character corresponding with the desired
menu item to select.

 - WAIT KEYS -

Period ('.'), Numpad 5, or Clear - skips players current turn

 - MOVEMENT KEYS -

Use the arrow keys, numpad or vi keys to move

  NW  N  NE
    \ | /
 W -- @ -- E
    / | \
  SW  S  SE

N - Up Arrow, Numpad 8 or K
S - Down Arrow, Numpad 2 or J
E - Right Arrow, Numpad 6 or L
W - Left Arrow, Numpad 4 or H
NE - Numpad 9 or U
SE - Numpad 3 or N
SW - Numpad 1 or B
NW - Numpad 7 or Y

----
GUNS
----

Guns are made up of weapon parts. Each weapon part has unique properties which influence how the gun behaves. A guns
component parts can be viewed from the inspect menu. Weapons can be disassembled into their component parts through
the interaction menu. Weapons and their parts can be found in different conditions. Accuracy condition indicates
the condition of the parts as it pertains to accuracy of the weapon, for example condition of the bore. Guns with a
worse accuracy condition will be less accurate in combat. Function condition indicates the condition of the parts as it
pertains to the cycling of the action and jamming. Guns with a worse functional condition will be more prone to
jamming. Gun parts can be repaired through the use of weapon part repair kits, which can be found throughout the map
and are dropped by enemies. To create a gun from parts, enter the crafting menu by pressing (C).

Skills govern performance when using certain weapon types, including accuracy, recoil control, reloading speed, and
equip speed. Skills can be trained by using the associated weapon type. The weapons type is influenced by its parts,
and can be viewed by inspecting it. You can see your proficiency with different weapon types by using the skill menu,
which is accessed by pressing (Z).

---------
EQUIPMENT
---------

Items including weapons, armour and magazines can be equipped from the inventory (I). Equipped weapons and armour can
be viewed and interacted with through the equipment menu (E). Weapons can be equipped to the primary or secondary
slots. This allows the player to quickly change weapons during combat, as it costs less AP to switch between primary
and secondary weapons than to equip a weapon from the inventory.

You can interact with your held weapon by pressing (Q). Through this menu, you can reload firearms and perform other
actions, including changing its current fire mode, i.e. from semi-automatic to fully automatic. The ammunition count of
the currently equipped weapon can be seen at the bottom right hand side of the screen.

The player has a limited amount of small, medium and large magazine equipment slots in their magazine load out. The
amount of slots for each can be altered by wearing different clothing. To reload a magazine-fed gun, an appropriate
magazine must be equipped to the magazine load out, which can be viewed by pressing (R). Magazines can be reloaded by
interacting with them.

------
COMBAT
------

- SQUAD MODE -

Squad mode allows you to control multiple player characters during a single turn. Squad mode can be enabled by pressing
the space key.

You can use this mode to attack enemies. On the bottom left of the screen, you can see how much AP (action points) the
player has. Action points represent the remaining amount of time the player has to complete actions within that turn.
Since one turn equates to one second, 1 AP = 1/100th of a second. Different actions take different amounts of time, and
therefore AP, to complete.

You can also move multiple players at once in squad mode by left clicking to select players, and selecting a
destination in a seen area by pressing the right mouse button. Press any wait keys and the players will move towards
the selected location.

Alt: change target
Change character controlled: change limb targeted
Enter: attack
Movement Keys: change camera position
Wait Keys: skip turn

- DAMAGE & HEALTH -

Attacks will damage specific body parts. When body parts have been sufficiently damaged, they will become crippled,
incurring certain debuffs depending on the body part. Bodyparts can be healed using medkits. Death occurs when vital
body parts, such as the head, are destroyed.The health of the players body parts is indicated by the figure at the
bottom left of the screen. Green indicates that the body parts are unharmed, while yellow, orange and red indicate
increasing levels of wounding.

- ATTACK STYLES -

You can change your attack style by pressing (S).The players attack style alters the AP cost of ranged attacks as well
as weapon accuracy with firearms. In the 'Precise' attack style, attacks cost additional AP but are more accurate, best
suited for longer range engagements. In the 'Close Quarters' attack style, attacks cost less AP but are less
accurate. 'Measured' serves as a compromise between the two.

---------------
ITEM PROPERTIES
---------------

Item properties can be viewed by selecting the 'inspect' option on an item. The following is a non-exhaustive list of
item properties for reference.

- BULLETS -

Bullet Mass: Mass of projectile. The higher the bullets mass, the more it will penetrate armour and soft tissue at a
given velocity

Charge Mass: Mass of propellant i.e. powder in the round. Higher charge mass corresponds with greater velocity, but
causes greater recoil.

Bullet Diameter: The greater the diameter of the bullet, the more tissue is destroyed at the cost of less penetration
in tissue.

Bullet Velocity: A projectile with greater velocity will penetrate through more armour and soft tissue.

Shot Sound: How far away (in metres) the round can be heard from, alerting certain enemies.

Bullet Spread Modifier: Alters how accurate shot placement is.

Ballistic Coefficient: Projectiles with a greater ballistic coefficient experience less bullet drop due to air
air resistance. May be important for very long range shots.

- MAGAZINES -

AP to Load: AP cost to reload magazine per round

Failure Chance: Chance for your gun to jam during firing as a result of the magazine

- GUNS -

Zero Range: The distance at which the axis of the weapons sights intercepts the bullets flight path. The weapon will
be most accurate at this range.

Sight Height Over Mount / Sight Mount Height Over Bore: Height of the weapons sights above the axis of the barrel.
Changes trajectory of the bullet relative to the axis of the sight.

AP Cost Distance Modifier: Changes AP cost of attacks per metre, i.e. greater values cause longer distance shots to
cost more AP.

AP Cost Target Acquisition: Changes AP cost of switching between targets.

Muzzle Break Efficiency: Amount of recoil resulting from the jet effect from bullets exiting the muzzle that is
eliminated.

Part Condition (Accuracy): Physical condition of weapon parts affecting accuracy of the firearm. Weapons with lower
accuracy condition, for example as a result of a barrel in poor condition, will suffer an accuracy penalty when fired.

Part Condition (Function): Physical condition of weapon parts affecting reliable cycling and function of the firearms.
Weapons with lower functional condition, for example as a result of a receiver in poor condition will be more likely
to jam when fired.

Action Cycling AP Cost: AP cost to cycle the action after each shot, i.e. work the bolt of a bolt action rifle

- ARMOUR -

Ballistic Protection: Protection from projectile-based attacks. Equivalent to inches of mild steel.

Physical Protection: Protection from melee based attacks.

Armour Coverage: Chance that when attacked, an attack on the equipped body part will hit the armour.

- GUN PARTS -

Compatible Parts: Which parts of a given type are compatible with this part in crafting.

Has Attachment Points: Which attachment points for additional parts, e.g. muzzle devices, are featured on the part.

Additional Parts Required: Additional parts or parts of a certain part types required for successful crafting of an
item.

Compatible Attachment Points: Attachment points to which a given part can be attached to.