-----
TO DO
-----

bugs

Done
Random amount of bullets dropping on floor
Fix SKS
Enable single loading of SKS
Enemies can decide to camp positions instead of chasing
Fix orientation issues
Fix gunshot sounds
Squad display on main screen - can now see all squad members weapon, current AP or action and vital condition from main screen
Fix threading on certain parts
Fixed player FOV not updating when moving to a new floor
Fixed item duplication when unequipping and then immediately equipping primary / secondary weapon

Goals (in order of priority)
Keyboard squad movement
Item inspection mode
Magazines stay in loadout - magazines just set to none when unloaded but disappears from list when loaded into gun?
Adding item to loadout costs AP
Double barrel shotgun
Re-evaluate levels - colour scheme, openness, enemy chance
Pre-computed loot / enemy probability tables - determine how to do this
Re-implmenet .50 cal glock
Maadi griffin with parts dropping on floor
High brass slugs / different rounds
Dialogue and an option to turn it off in settings
Lasers
Tracer rounds - increase full auto accuracy
Ammo pouches
Doors
Grenades
Explosive ammo
Enemies activated by other enemies being activated



You have done some really interesting things here!

I love how you've implemented multiple squad members and the different Individual/Squad time modes. These two are so intertwined and easy to use. It's really unique and well done.

I can't believe how deep you have gone with ammo types and parts. I don't consider myself American/Russian enough to nerd out for firearms this much but I have always wondered what a roguelike with this much gun detail would be like, and wow you've really done it. I kinda want to play just because there seems the potential for a lot of fun exploring the depth of detail and maybe eventually crafting.

Some suggestions: (I realise it's still early days and you might have plans for these in some way)

Put help in-game. It's a reasonable expectation that hitting ? or F1 will bring up at least the keybindings. You have a manual text file, display that in a text window like you have with the message log, easy to do.

Make it clearer how to shoot. This is confusing as a new player. It should probably be the second thing in the manual after movement. Explain full combat later in the manual if you prefer.

Make it clearer you need to actually select multiple squad members for them to fire at the same time.

Maybe make the AP cost for shooting clearer, like display it in the bottom bar, or at least higher up in weapon inspection? I feel this is the main combat cost you're interested in.

Make reloading clearer. The need to add the magazine to the loadout was hard to discover. I kinda feel reloading could be easier overall, like a "reload" command which does all the magazine juggling for you. If the player has multiple viable ammunition types then prompt for which one. Maybe you intentionally do not want this.

After shooting, am I intended to wait (like with period . key) until my AP regenerate?

Could the vi keys be used to scroll the weapon detail screen up and down?

Do you plan to implement squad movement, so both my soldiers can walk together? Maybe one could lead and the other could pathfind behind them? Maybe selecting formations could be a thing?

I found 14" 1080p and 12x12 font was too small to be enjoyable. Doubling the font size to 24x24 resolved this. Thanks for implementing Dwarf Fortress style tilesets and an INI file where this can be easily set. libtcod can do integer scaling without smoothing if that's something you're interested in.


Extended Goals
-Corner peaking
-dialogue
-Trigger mods
-unique enemies which spawn once per game
-each weapon part has a value. Total value of the weapon determines if it will be included in future runs.
-in the dungeon you find enemies using your looted equipment from previous runs
-more room shapes on level generation
-weapon graphics
-tracer rounds (increase full auto accuracy)
-ability to trade with players directly adjacent to you
-random cover spawns in levels / half cover
-bullets going through enemies
